so I think that everyone has some
experience especially after swimming
water is trapped in the air channel and
then what you do is try to check the
head or jump up and down to get rid of
the water trap in the air channel every
human the size of ear canal and length
of ear Conner is different depending on
the age so especially for smoke's has a
small diameter you can think about you
have a straw one is big straw when it's
a small straw you have a method water or
coffee is sticking inside big straw is
easy you can get rid of the water but
the small troll straw you need to shake
a lot to get rid of water out same
principle the smokey need more
acceleration to remove the water trapped
in the ear channel we measured how much
acceleration is needed which is this
about 10 times gravity which is a
similar acceleration soccer player can
feel when the heading the ball usually
medical doctors are recommend to leave
in with the water using some vinegar or
alcohol or using hairdryer
don't shake head there's a one-sentence
conclusion don't shake your head
you